这样可: 以确保不会出错，但是，即使使用了这种定义，这个宏依然有可能出错，例如使用TABLE_MULTI(a++)调用它，他们本意是希望得到(a+1)*(a+1)的结果，
实际上: 呢？我们可以看看宏的展开结果: (a++)*(a++)，如果a的值是４，我们得到的结果是5*6=30。而我们期望的结果是5*5=25,这又出现了问题。事实上，在
些C: 的库函数中也有这些问题。例如: Toupper(*pChar++)就会对pChar执行两次++操作，因为Toupper实际上也是一个宏。
我们可以: 看到宏有一些难以避免的问题，怎么解决呢？
下面就是: 用我要介绍的内联函数来解决这些问题，我们可以使用内联函数来取代宏的定义。而且事实上我们可以用内联函数完全取代预处理宏。
内联函数和: 宏的区别在于，宏是由预处理器对宏进行替代，而内联函数是通过编译器控制来实现的。而且内联函数是真正的函数，只是在需要用到的时候，内联函数像
样的展: 开，所以取消了函数的参数压栈，减少了调用的开销。你可以象调用函数一样来调用内联函数，而不必担心会产生于处理宏的一些问题。
condensed: milk. Served in South East Asia, Canary Islands, Cook Islands and Mainland Spain.
Breve: Espresso with half-and-half.
Bucci: Espresso served in Key West's Cuban cafes (sugar added after brewing).
Cappuccino: Traditionally, one-third espresso, one-third steamed milk, and one-third microfoam.
Carajillo: Espresso with a shot of brandy.
Corretto: coffee with a shot of liquor, usually grappa or brandy.
Cortado: Espresso "cut" with a small amount of warm milk.
Cubano: Sugar is added to the collection container before brewing for a sweet flavor, different from that if the sugar is added after brewing.
Frappe: Iced coffee topped off with whipped cream and usually chocolate syrup.
Frappuccino: A type of espresso coffee made with frothed milk branded exclusively by Starbucks.
Guillermo: Originally one or two shots of hot espresso, poured over slices of lime.
Latte: An espresso based drink with a volume of steamed milk, served with either a thin layer of foam or none at all, depending on the shop or customer's preference.
Lungo: More water (about 1.5x volume) is let through the ground coffee, yielding a weaker taste (40 mL).
Marron: Etymology from Venezuela. An espresso with Milk. Latte.
Mocha: Normally, a latte blended with chocolate.
Normale: A normal length shot, not ristretto or lungo.
Ristretto: Espresso with less volume, yielding a stronger sweeter taste (10–20 mL).
Solo: Single (1 US fluid ounce) shot of espresso.
Triplo: Triple (3 US fluid ounces) shot of espresso; "triplo" is rare; "triple shot" is more common.